org.translateai.crypto provides implementations for the following cryptographic algorithms:
- hash function based on a long-period pseudorandom number generator, sensitive to changing a single bit in the input - ready for testing
- symmetric encryption/decryption algorithm - to do, if the initial testing of translation is fine
- digital signature - to do, if the initial testing of translation is fine

Currently, we have tests for:
- PseudoRandom (1 test to check the beginning of the sequence)
- Hash (three tests: two text files with 1 bit difference and one larger media file).

Test execution generates the following console output for each test:
- result (passed/failed)
- time spent
- details of failure, if this is the case

The code was translated from Java to Python. Generated code can be found in
- translateai-generated-code-original - code as generated by TranslateAI, without fixes
- translateai-generated-code-updated - code after manual fixes; each change has a comment explaining it

In the fixed version, as well as in Java original, all tests pass.

To run the tests in Java, execute org.translateai.crypto.tests.TestSuite

To run the tests in Python, execute org.translateai.crypto.tests.TestSuite

Tests results also show some performance issues in the generated Python code, which is noticeable in case of calculating hash on a larger file (jpg image).

Test results for Java & Python:

java org.translateai.crypto.tests.TestSuite  
Test before passed (time: 0.05 s).  
Test testPseudoRandom passed (time: 0.0 s).  
Test hashTest[cary.txt, 16] passed (time: 0.041 s).  
Test hashTest[gary.txt, 16] passed (time: 0.005 s).  
Test hashTest[sunset.jpg, 8] passed (time: 2.128 s).

python -m org.translateai.crypto.tests.TestSuite  
Test before passed (time: 0.001 s).  
Test testPseudoRandom passed (time: 0.000 s).  
Test hashTest cary.txt 16 passed (time: 0.024 s).  
Test hashTest gary.txt 16 passed (time: 0.023 s).  
Test hashTest sunset.jpg 8 passed (time: 219.403 s).

